[Music]
J it are you connected
fantastic yeah thank here yeah hello
hello
um oh just a several people that's great
that's great and
um and just wait wait a
minute
um good afternoon and I'm Yim Mo you can
call me Jesse and uh from China and it
is an honor to have this opportunity to
speak at this events on political abuse
of Psychiatry and many thanks for Dr
enry
to have me and thanks for coming and I
am a human rights researcher and have
been working on working for the field of
Chinese human rights almost one decade I
started to Service uh China based human
rights NGO and civil rights and Liv hold
watch since
2014 um
this is
our official Opposite and our M work is
to concern about social justice Liv hold
issue and the no VI struggle of citizens
in a long time conc certainly um
political abuse of Psychiatry also has
been a cool human rights concern of our
organization since it's in
exception
basically um my day job is to hear all
kind of crazy ridiculous and terrible
stories one of my male responsibility is
to writing the monthly human rights
reports in which I not only collect
human rights violation cases and also
research relevant policies of the
Chinese
government such a work is still ongoing
today as we well know that human rights
as a the universal value is not merely
insured in international law but rather
is closed linked with to the politic
politics economic culture social justice
and the rule of law within your
country this is why I have always had a
very precise understanding of the
overall situation in China meanwhile I
have witnessed how the human rights
situation in
China has onent in recent
years apparently working on human rights
in China is a quite the dangerous career
the com Communist Party of China regard
someone talking about human rights as
who is inciting color
Revolution although
I don't quite understand how these two
things can be
linked as a famous artist I will wa you
the to say when you are willing to
understand your country you are already
working on the way to be a
criminal I have never been arrested but
I had been under closed surveillance and
the consent harassment by the
authorities as well indeed I had the
dark moment when I was in China in early
2019 all my research told me that there
would be a huge dis disce in China even
though I have no idea in what form it
will would come out at that
time but I
tried my best to offer the opportunity
of the fellowship for human right
Defenders at risks by an academic
Institute in the UK then safely left
China in November was extremely lucky I
appreciate such a um valuable
opportunity and it has saved not only my
career but also my life I had granted
political science by the UK government
in 2021 and am currently study for a ba
degree in politics at the
University before I enter the university
I used
my experience and the knowledge from
working at civil rights and the Livy
hold watch to collaborated with another
European human rights NGO Safeguard
Defender and uh
completed together a very detailed
research report on Chinese
inconsistent which is an aaic black
prison system where partitioners and the
distant who are completely without any
mentally mental yness are locked up in
psychiatric hospitals for composer
treatment in the Civil Right and the
livelyhood watch
database we have collected over 800
individual cases and nearly 100 victims
have been interviewed Face to Face by
our citizen journalist about their
experiences but to be honest the actual
scale of the victims in UNC consistent
is impossible to know
um first of all you need to understand
that in China there are not only legal
detention centers but also black jails
that operate outside the law these black
Gils are often set up in hotels training
centers nurse house and psychiatric
hospitals they are not official prison
but are even worse than
prisons are also all black J share many
similarities nevertheless the situation
in psychiatric hospital is very special
this is because me medical staff in the
hospital are free to use so-call
treatment as an excuse to torture the
victim in way that are worse than death
I need to point out that type of
persecution was not from the Soviet
Union especially
during B time any political descent was
considered as a mental ESS which need to
locked up in psychatric hospital for
treatment
and the situation is not much different
in China
today and the existing psychiatric
treatment system was established under
the Ministry of Health in
1987 and can be
classified to into s male
categories based on the
Ministry that at the minister them
Health civil Affairs and the public
security the first type regular
psychiatric hospitals or mental
health um centers are
administered by the minister of health
and are responsible for traing
psychiatric
patient beautiful Hospital are
administered by the ministry of civil
Affairs and are responsible for treating
retired members of military who suffered
from mental illness as well as people
suffering from mental illness who have
no source of lively hold no finan
support and no
dependent anang system uh anang
hospitals are administered by the
ministry of public
security that is the
police and are responsible for the
treatment for mentally offenders who
have inv violated the criminal law or
endangered public
order the inconsistent at which at the
start should have just meant hospitals
of criminally insane which managed by
the ministry of public security but
please be aware that there are only 27
uncan hospitals across China and in this
research report just four victims had
been placed in Anan
Hospital which doesn't
covered the overall scale of victims at
all however there
is abundant evidence that the political
abuse of Psychiatry is perpetrate at all
the three type of Hospital anang Yu and
generally psychiatric there is no
doubt and
in this report
we in investigated 99 people's
cases who had been locked up in
psychiatric
once 144 times in the seven years from
2015 to
2021 covering 100 and nine hospitals in
21 provinces or regins across
China once inside victims may stay there
for months even
years there are
even nine victims had been inside for
more than 10 years others have been
locked up again and again in my research
one woman has sent by the police over 20
times many victims were physically and
mentally abused which
including forc the medication being tied
to the bed for hours or days
beaten and electric
compulsive therapy and
isolated even after
released they usually suffered from ser
physic and psychiatric
tumor in the most extremely case the
uncons can be
fatal and such as these victims you know
who was from my hometown of chin
unfortunately we couldn't get his fot
tail and this young man is his son J way
and as his father Jin was tortured to
death in the chongin Yu
Hospital jenin a seven post years old
retired soldier from
chongin and had been partitioners for
more than 20 years because police had
refused to properly investig investigate
um neighborly hold
dispute that turned into a violent
violent attack on himself and his
wife and in
2017 ziping was about to go to Beijing
to parti again when he was
forly intercepted by the police on
abas after the Detention Center refused
to take him
and aring zening was too old and had
been detend in too many times already
the police communicated with t Yu
hospital and sent him there there for
compulsory
treatment Zing was found to have liver
councel during a medical
checkup and his family members
strongly damaged his
released then they were willing to
transfer him to another hospital to
treat
his liver
cancer but the police refused to
transfer or release to him and said that
the Cent Hospital could treat his
cancer nevertheless genin liver cancer
was not treated for in the psychiatric
hospital but the hospital held him back
until his counil was terminal and he was
dying then the hospital feared he would
die there and his family members would
make trouble for them so the hospital
negotiated with the police and sent gin
back to his home soon after returning
home he passed
away then I'd like to introduce you a
brave young woman who whose name
isong he was born
1989 she is from ham per and used to
work as a agent for a
real estate company in
Shanghai on the morning of
14 July
publicly splashed ink on a portract of
shin pin and leave tweeted her action in
a short video as a piece of performance
art
she claimed to be against the shin pin's
dictatorship and caed that she was under
man control by the Communist Party of
China and
because sent a clear message to the
outside world to
strongly Oppo um
oppose Shing pin
which um sparked huge actions on social
media since then she has been nicknamed
the ink
girl however after a few hours later in
girl was taken away by Shanghai police
after a break in to her
apartment she was then sent back to her
hometown in y country in h per by sh
High Poli and was detained at the third
Hospital of jujo which is a
regular Psychiatric
Hospital her
father a minor in his 50s said two
shanai policemen had vted the mile when
where he worked after his daughter was
arrested also no paperwork had been
issued the
police Accu accused of of
attacking national leaders and
ask about the fames
histories of mental yess he denied that
there was a history of mental yess in
his
family and they insisted that was not
but he
was fired from his job after
that um
July
2018 when a journalist from F and radio
fre Asia contacted the hospital the
person on the other end of the phone
only
said is
a political prisoners
um was released on B on 19 November 2019
and send to her mother's
residence but was again confirmed to the
third Hospital of Jojo on 20th May
2020 and was discharged after two
months the two experience in the psychos
Hospital have left her serious damage
both physically and mentally which P her
father
greatly in November
2020 posted a short videos on Twitter
to stress that he's no mental e and that
he was placed in a local
government Department after her second
discharged but was strictly controlled
by the
authorities which she was not only
denied the freedom to CH choose his job
but was also restricted in her freedom
to communicate with her friend and was
unable to contact her father
um a US Diplomat heard about Don story
and wanted to meet her privately through
a human rights activist
OB um at that time D explained that she
was currently under completely control
and
couldn't go
out and that meeting the US Diplomat in
private could cause her to be
suspected of subversion of state
power but uh Obel
phone said the Diplomat insisted that
the meeting must be
private
so had to refute the her
refused his
request um
unfortunately this
matter eventually lead to oone himself
being arrested on third December
2020 and charged with inciting
subversion of St
power
then in February
a journalist from Radio free Asia
contacted Don's
father who confirmed
that local government agents had
sent to the psychiatric hospital again
for the third
time last
year just a month after this research
report was released
we received an update on her
father as a result of his insistence
that the authorities released
D he was
sentenced to three years in
prison and was beaten to death there
last
September at the end of last year we
received another update on
Obel he was sentenced to three years and
six
months so
far is
still in
hospital in girl I think it is a classic
CL a classic case of being locked up in
the psychiatric hospital because of her
political desent
unfortunately such persecution can
continued to Tak place in China
today there are more and more young
victims rather than older people in the
past
um I this young
man and his name is
a
former freshman as the Central
University of fany and the
eics was twice
imprisoned in pych
hospital for composer
treatment for attending white paper
protest in Beijing at the end of last
year
um Z escaped from China after his
released from the psychiatric
hospital now he is arrived in New
Zealand and um currently in
exam in interviews with the
Press
he revealed to the outside world his
experience in psychatric
hospitals
where she was beaten and
injured TI it tied to the
bed in Psy in a psychiatric hospital and
unable to move for six
day and
um as well as
forced
medication he was also abused by doctors
and the nurse who said you are mental
ill when you don't support the Communist
party at the same time he also told the
journalist about uh psychiatric hospital
where he met several
other partitioners and
disant who had been held there for
years however
even now that he is in New Zealand
himself and his family members who are
Liv in China have been harass harassed
and Tred by the
police yeah it it awful I have to say
you know and all the awful stories
actually it is quite different difficult
for me to regard myself as a human right
Defenders I just said that I am a human
right
researcher because I cannot defend
anything when I was in
China um please allowed me to use the
you know Washington Post comment on This
research
report this is the LI this is life under
China's dictatorship
where reforms are
Ed La mean
little and those who compaign are cons
compaign are con con mental
you I have to say that the Communist
Party of China is unable to prove good
governance to the
people but they are really
really very good at to putting harmful
public
service this tragic reality has Leed to
an another
extremely ridiculous situation in
which Psychiatric Hospital are filled
with normal people who are not mentally
ill at all while a patient who are truly
mentally ill are not given
suitable medical
assistance
so
because it is a you know system evil and
there are no consequences for the people
who started
it that's why I I have always s that
ordinary course are
no longer helpful in suffing the serious
violations of human
rights but uh I was inspired by the
earlier cases
of the US Visa officers refusing visas
to Chinese doctors in obster trick and
um G
G
logic and
um based so many clearly evidence
that um the medical staff in UNC
consistent
are
active per
perpetrators
I I
suppose the um European Union to conert
um black listing all Stu in the re
relevant medical
institutions in China from the travel
band of European
countries I suppose
which could be um possible
attempt um but I have no idea if someone
can do yes that is my just my you know a
little
suggestion
well thank you very much and um well
that's all and if you have any
question please let me know thank
you thank you
Jessie thank you so
much any of the atds wants to make a
question in that case I will ask which
way out do you see any and why China has
become so fragile it's so scared of even
a a girl posting something
online it it's hard to understand uh
you miss why the authorities just send
them in psychc hospital to
persecution what um yeah actually there
have several several reasons um the
first of all
[Music]
um um it is a easy way to you
know operate outside the law to arrested
people in some location and keep them
quiet keep them you know as keep them uh
let them
keep keep quiet and no longer to
partition
or published some descent on online or
on social media that is a very easy way
and um because
uh it is beyond
the you know justice system so there is
no sentence there is
no
um the victims have no idea how long
they could stay in such a you know onpic
black jail and and also
the
very serious tortures in this um
Psychiatric Hospital
also let them
scared so also caused them you know
serious you know damage um physically
and uh mentally so after they W they
would be released the probably many of
them just give up to partition or proba
any desent
on that is
um very
very quite quite dangerous you know
place they they could scare they most of
them very scared to be placed in
psychiatric hospital again so I think
that is why um the majority reason for
the assult is to put the victims in ins
dat and um I have to
say all of
them they incidents they incidents you
know the the cord cannot senten in go in
go so that is very easy way to to lock
that
thing and uh
oh my God
yeah thank you Jess Rob is asking on the
chat if there are written reports about
the kinds of events that are happening
in the statistics how how often
what well how how common is
this
uh
you it means how often
or he's asking specifically for reports
I I can already point that your
reporting published by C Defenders do
you know any other recent
one um yeah yeah
actually
um no actually you know such
a um serious human rights violation
cases almost reported by uh in in
Chinese and so so that's why I actually
when I was arrived in the UK I also that
that that was a fellowship of for human
right Defenders when I introduced the
situation in China and I found people
has completely have no idea know for the
reality so that is why I collaborated
with Safeguard Defender to write this
report in English it is I think I could
use my skills on English language to to
build build a bridge um and because I I
I I realized the English speaker word
and the chines speaker World basically
they are isolated so I could be a bridge
to communicate you know this two word
and the letting English people to know
about uh the real situation in China I
think that is
my yeah that is my responsibility okay
and um actually um if you if you have
any interesting to read the research
report about ANC consistent in China you
can scan this this you know this code to
download the complete
report yeah this you can use your phone
or
other this is I also put it in the chat
and I will ask you that 27 centers in
the anang system how accurate is that as
if they asking for statistics starting
from that and how many researchers in
the west are working like you able to
reach are specific numbers that I start
actually I have no idea here I I always
you know
um I think I I think there are also
there are several you know um human
right researcher who work on you know
China um China situation in in
several um human rights ands but um
um they have their own responsibility
their own duty to do their job and
uh I because I work for civil rights and
livingold watch for quite long times and
I have the you know the firsthand you
know materials to writing you know
research report and I hope there would
will be more you know human rights
researcher can
doing uh similar work as as I do I have
done and uh because um it is really
important
to let the English speaker would know
what is happening in
China waiting for somebody else to ask
question if they want um
posing another one how hard it is to
reach for the sources now that you're
outside how difficult and how risky as
well for the people to speak out um yeah
it is it is not easy it is really not
easy to um let people speak out their
their the
experiences uh but but
um
actually why I always say the true the
actual scale of you know victims is
unable to know because all the all the
data all the information all the
details basically they are they were
from victims or their family
members unless they they speak out or
contact with you know our Frontline
journalist we have no way way to know
their
experience so um and uh and as I as I
know there in indeed there are so many
victims want more people know their
experience and so that's why they speak
out and
um the I I I
I I clearly remember uh victims who um
who is from
suan he clearly told the our
journalist I
hope the pre the press or media can
report my stories
otherwise um nobody knows until
I I I I would be I would pass the way
you know that is a very very sad
statement also this
that you know tragic you know stories
also inspired me a lot and um because
you can
say even they in such a you know
terrible
situation
they they were
still fighting back that's um I I I
always concern you know if I am in
the similar condition I probably just to
give up but their
courage also inspired me a lot for my
work
um well please please ask your
question um uh hi yansi it's a pleasure
to to hear you um and um I I was going
to ask something related to the last
comments that you
made um I was wondering in such a
difficult situation what were some of
the sources of resistance how is it that
um an artist is brave enough to to
commit a Public Act of resistance and uh
you mentioned the inspiration of of
other victims uh speaking out what what
do you see our sources to be able to
resist uh in the fear and the control
that you describe uh by the
government um yeah yeah see and I
because I have never you know never do
the front light job interview job and
but based on you know uh our Frontline
generalist experience sometimes
they uh could they they just dating a
secret place to chatting with the with
the victims but um I have to say these
victims also way they know the risks to
you know they clearly they are clearly
aware of know the the risk to be to to
speak out and uh we are not just our
gener
is generally they are not just writing
down to to to to to to record their you
know their words they also make
videos um and uh
also uh made made the interview process
as a videos and upload um
YouTu and because YouTu is the only only
way website probably the only website
you know uh such a you know kind of
interview video videos um would not
be uh delayed by the system but
unfortunately all the videos just all
the interviews just you know interviews
the in Chinese and the no English
subtitle
so I think that is you know why English
speaker cannot understand what they said
um so that's why I organized you know
all the data and uh you know just just
pick up the individ cases and write down
their stories and U collaborated with
seard Defender to published This
research report I think probably it is
mean a lot
for these BAC teams that is the only
thing I can
do y you mentioned hotels used as black
jails yeah
yes that means that the 27 hospitals
that are used to hold people as
psychiatric patients or M people with ob
kind of trial it it is much more common
or can be more common it's just to
spread around anywhere is that the
case um yeah I mean the 27 an Hospital
which management by the you know public
um Ministry of public security that is
the police but
um inconsistent is is very
very just there there were just a four
victims in this you know this research
report was were placed in in in such a
kind of hospital but more
victims they they were locked up in
regular Hospital psychatric hospitals
and or eful hospitals that is more
common so and also I think 24 27 anang
hospital it's very small scared to lock
up you
know I locked up you know in criminally
you know insane and um so that's why
more incidents you know practitioners
and uh disant were locked up in regular
psychic hospital that is more common
thank
you any other
question well I'm going to share
a the it's an anecdote because after all
we cannot go anywhere to corroborate
just my experience being there of
somebody telling me this kind of
extraction of or organs it's happening
in that dark Street you know you not
need to pick to the hospital I know
happened there I don't know know I
haven't been there I don't have a clue
but it it maybe it's it's a different
perspective that we imagine things being
one way and
maybe what the the labeling of somebody
being mad it can just happen at dog any
point how is that exactly your
experience um because you mentioned
about you know transfer organ uh of
victims and also it is another topic of
this this this events and uh I actually
in my in this research report it also uh
um individual cases uh quite Clos linked
with you know another kind of you know
um human rights violations
situation uh there there there was there
is a woman you know also from my my
hometown and the SC actually many years
ago when she was arrested in a labor
cample and were also um loed up a lot of
fing partitioners and
she she had the was um
W witnessed you know
another another um women
victims was
um
focused taking over her organs
alive and uh also this
woman
also in similar danger Dangerous
situation and uh as far as his you
know uh relative you know just helped
her her and saved her from that camper
labor and labor campus and after she was
released she
also interviewed by some you know uh
jist
and she
revealed the true situation in that
cample
so this this action was caed caused her
was arrested in psychiatric hospital
again and the authorities charged her
to CH as a liar to
talk about you know inol transform organ
in in in the campose so she is still in
until now she is still in that
psychiatric hospital and uh even her
family member cannot was her as
well and uh it is really really dark you
know and I I and Cas case in my in my in
my career experience and you can you can
read it read read my research report
there is that that that women
is Really Brave but
also it it is a traged it's a traged and
um actually at the start she when she
was locked up in psychatric hospital her
family members
had no idea where she
is and um after her family members goes
go out to
find
her I a that nobody
knows and uh that is that is another
another another issues you know in uh
enforce The Disappearance that is
belongs to another another VI human
rights violation situation it is um so I
have to say even though um many I know
many
people
um have no idea or cannot believe such a
cool um situation could happen in China
but I have to say such a situation is
existing really existing and uh more and
more evidence feel it
is really you know
happened in
China well it is sacrificed for
you yes indeed and thank you so much I
will ask one single thing that you will
point at for people to read other than
your report for making their mind on
their own to to really see in on the
side because it really hard to believe
it's the first time that you hear about
any of this despite knowing that there
is the great fral that is any effort to
deny and then maybe
acknowledge reeducation comes anything
you want to call it you the history is
known from T man before still hard to
cope with reality there is any resource
that you will Point other than your
report
um yeah I know people is you know hard
to believe you know the reality in China
actually even me you know had been have
been working in this area for almost one
decades sometimes I could be shocked
in you know for for some new cases you
know that is many of them you cannot
imagine you know before you heard it
but um my basically my job every day you
know my day job is
to factor checking I will cons the
evidence the the victims themselves
proved or their family members and their
um their friends proved to our
organization and also I will concerned
about
different sources uh in One cases and
so my my day job is to to do to doing
know Factor check so at least I can
say um I can I cannot say uh 100% but I
can say you
know up to 90% you know
cases uh which were
released by our organization they are
they are
true and
uh
even
even it even even it is it is really
ridiculous but you can organize the all
the details all the
informations and uh
but but you can confirm that and uh I
know I know and also I think you know
but unfortunately all the information
basically they are they are in
Chinese uh we have no no sources to
trans translate all all all the things
in in English that is
um um that is a very difficult reality
for me and that's why I know I decided
to keep going on my work and uh someday
I can collaborated with other
organization to release the another
topic to describe the you know another
subject you know human rights about
human rights violations issues in China
so that is
my my pen I think and um yeah as I that
is my duty to do to do
more thank you
a uh we'll leave it here if you if you
wish if nobody else want to ask anything
just thank you so much for being here
tomorrow we start at 3 uh Berlin time
Madrid
time ER yeah and I'm very happy that
you're in the UK you could make it and
hopefully more people like you like Jang
are going to be able to just live
through this experience to
help nobody else having to go through
this there is no justification that we
can see in any political sense thank you
so much for being working on that and
thank you so much and uh it is a really
you know valuable opportunity to speak
out and and to invite me to speak out
such a you know service know human
rights violations in China to let more
people know that and uh so so many
thanks for your you know violity to
translate it in uh Spanish in a Spanish
version if you complet it pleas name you
know thank you very
much uh yeah this is one of the other
things technology is here to translate
anything very quickly and yeah a few
seconds to detect if anybody is talking
about any leader or anything
it should be used for the for the
well-being of everybody it seems so easy
so no excuses I have no
idea I I am looking forward to read
anything that you have to publish at the
public student public is that what
you're saying now to to really make
sense of any of this craziness that we
are experiencing collectively it's
really hard to to make sense of it and
at the end I guess it's affecting people
yeah I mean it's affecting people for
those sure but this this break with
reality
really really hard yeah yeah yeah I I I
know it is a really hard work because
you know even when I I was writing it
you know a lot of clearly you know a lot
of clear evidence also you know let me
feel
so so sad and
also I I I almost you know sometimes
almost crash during I WR in this this
research report so it's a really hard
work and um I just hope um there would
be more Chinese researcher can doing
similar work I yeah that is my hope and
uh thank you very much and
um see you byebye thank you goodbye
thank you everybody for being
present we are going to close now see
you next session if you want